	Tips
o Ask: Where is the character going?
o How did people react to certain events?
	What changed?

	Biomes
Desert:
	Locations:
		o In a hot place, behind a mountain range (because air flows)

	Religion:
There are ALWAYS people who don't agree or think differently

	Politics
Empire : A state dominates over multiple states which have to pay tax and adhere to the rules, but are culturally different.
	Those were usually conquered.
	The main state is always prioritized
	Idea: Only 
Kingdom : Monarchy, dynasty
	Siblings and uncles fight for the throne
	Social Classes: King > Noble > Knight > Peasant
		A king rules above multiple nobles
		A noble rules above a portion of land (big or small) and has multiple knights
			Nobles can rule over multiple nobles too, not excluded
		Knight : Trained soldier, sworn to honor its noble
		Peasant : Producer and main resource

	My World Ideas



	My World
1000 years ago, people discovered a magical material within the mines, called the Philosopher Stone.
This precious material was very powerful and many rich people sought to acquire as much as they could.
4 very rich and powerful individuals worked together to use the Philosopher Stone to achieve the impossible: True Immortality.
And it worked!
After achieving this impossible feat, they started to excert their power even further, gathering more and more philosopher stones.
One of them, however, did not like this. So, he gave up his immortality and use the power of the Philosopher Stone to lock the 3 away, for they could not be killed.
	Vorlog the Greedy, the dwarven king of a kingdom sought expansion and control.
So much so that he wanted to control literally everything in his kingdom.
The power drove Vorlog mad.
He terraformed, moved entire cities, killed and did as he saw fit.
Vorlog was trapped 3 planar gates away, in a plane alone where he could do with it as he pleased for an eternity.
	Lothias was a powerful wizard who sought knowledge and magical powers beyond comprehension, but he had a fascination with corpses.
He researched the dark art of True Necromancy, and with the power of the Philosopher Stone, he achieved it.
He conducted experiments on people, killed people to turn them undead (see Necromancy) and would eventually raise legions of dead to fight, work and please him...
Lothias is burried deep in the underdark, emprisoned in an unbreakable crystal globe, through which magic can not go through.
	Elidrin the Virgin Lady was a pious, beautiful elven woman, who lived her whole life as a noble in servitude of her god.
When the time came, she got her hands on the Philosopher Stone and used its power to achieve to Pontiff of her own empire, succeeding the Emperor by vote of the common folk, through might and power.
She imposed her religion to all people on her land.
It went well for a while, and she was the last to be dealt with by the unknown hero.
But she beacame zealous. Rumors said that her god itself was talking to her at night in her sleep, telling her to do his bidding.
She imposed various laws: she made sex illegal (people would give birth through magic), as well as alcohol and various types of meat and vegetables.
The punishment for any crime was death by burning.
She burned mothers, children... it had to be stopped.
Emprisonment was hard, for Elidrin's religion had already taken roots deep within the culture.
Getting rid of her would only spring up other rulers who would keep the 'faith' intact.
So the hero did something else: he erased the memory of all the people in her country, including hers.
Elidrin was put under a powerful spell of amnesia, and her memory would be erased every generation, again and again.
It is said that Elidrin still roams the country on foot, or lives somewhere, not knowing her true identity.

	Characters
Elidrin the White (or the Virgin Lady)
Vorlog the Greedy
Lothias the Necromancer
the unnamed

	TODO:
Vorlog should probably be the emperor and Elidrin the queen ^^
	





