

	Level Meanings
At Level 0 you are a beginner in adventuring.
You either just started adventuring or haven't even started yet.
Your skills are basic, with very little combat experience, so your abilities aren't honed.
You don't have a clear combat style either, for that requires some experience, which you are bound to gain in time.
Even a sewer rat or an ordinary goblin might pose a problem.

At Level 1 you figure out what works for you, and devote yourself to a specific specialization.
This happens either through practice, vows, learning or just being granted that power by a god or other being.
You now have a good understanding of your practice, yet you still lack a lot in power.
You are at the very beginning of your adventures.
Right now you might be frail and unexperienced, but a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
You are somewhat more sure of your ability to take down that rat or goblin who gave you headaches.

At Level 2, some time has passed, and you have learned and experienced things.
Due to your adventuring, you managed to improve your combat art through sheer practice and experience.
You are one step ahead of a goblin. Better prepared, stronger and with a clearer purpose.
You might even be able to take out a trained guard all by yourself.

Level 3 is a middle ground.
Although it might not seem like much, it is a noticeable improvement.
Defeating foes, climbing mountains and achieving complex feats has lead to an increase in your overall resistance.
You are able to endure more, and your improved focus on your goal has lead to better use of your combat skills.
Adventuring is probably already in your blood and soul, and the next step is a hard one to achieve (but not impossible).
You are probably confident that you can take on a hired soldier or mercenary, but those are ordinary people...
The real challenge is the beasts that await you on your journeys...

There is a long and ardous journey to Level 4.
Your knowledge of the world has given you better awareness, which allows you to see and take oportunities to strike your foes you would not normally have seen.
This level is what separates regular adventurers from the ones who are willing to go all in, head first, and risk their lives to achieve greatness.
With caution and a good party, you can probably clear out dungeons people are afraid to go in.
The corpse at the entrance of a dungeon will not be yours.

At Level 5 you walk with your trophies. You have conquered dungeons and defeated unspeakable enemies.
If you are a spellcaster, it is bound that you have found some ancient tome or accessed stronger powers through studying and self development, therefore allowing you to cast more powerful spells.
You are preparing to become a Hero.
You are among powerful knights, master level mages or experienced assassins.
Do you have what it takes to be better than them?
If your heart says yes, then carry on. More greatness is yet to come.

At Level 6 you are an elite member in your domain.
It is this type of adventurers who are ready to travel accross lands and be recruited for peculiar jobs.
One can hire an army and send it to its death.
But don't compare yourself to an army. You are alone a force to be reckoned with, and your life has better purpose than that.
It is the call of adventure for a Hero who can save that precious something and knows the means to deal with less common problems.
You are confident in your abilities, and why shouldn't you be?
To take out ogre lords or master vampires is a great feat.

At Level 7 you are progressing as more than an adventurer.
Your achievements have shaped you into who you are.
Lords and greater threats might seek your council.
You have achieved so much, yet, what does it take to be considered the Hero?
Are you ready to venture into deadly places people have never been to?
Are you ready to traverse the plains in search of your purpose?
To aid those in desperate need?
To slay those who need slaying?
How much are you willing to do to be called a Hero?

At Level 8, there is no doubt about your skills.
You are an archmage or grand druid, a highly elite veteran of war or a revered cleric.
Never forget your upbringing. You are a mortal. Death is real.
Nothing is impossible, you can achieve that which you wish to achieve, even if others might deem it impossible.
You ask yourself, what is money worth?
What could you still possibly want? What motivates you?
Exploring new lands? A personal quest? Conquering the unconquerable?
What stands in your way? Giants? Dragons? Or perhaps other people as strong as you, seeking your anihilation.

Level 9 is approaching the pinnacle of your grand powers.
You seek immortality or gods. You seek to change the world around you, for good.
You seek to leave your mark into this world through your feats.
You only get to live one life. Live it well.
Or perhaps, more lives are exactly what you wish to achieve.

What is a Hero, truly? Are you one?
What matters the most is what you believe yourself to be.
You are who you are in your own eyes, and perhaps somebody else in the eyes of others.
Your hard work may yet be done. You have achieved the greatest feats a person can achieve, the greatest power.
You can't change who you are. Be yourself. Do as you will.
Do not be fooled by life.
You are frail. You are nothing, a fly in a huge, unknowable universe.
As easily as you were born you might just... vanish, be stomped on by greater cosmic powers.
We strive to achieve infinity, but infinity will always be greater than us.
Be proud of your achievements. Call yourself a Hero.
Whatever happens, know that you will be remembered, in life and in death!
This is Level 10.