  Shielding
Shielding is extra Health.
All Shielding disappears at the end of combat unless stated otherwise.

	Fallen
While a player character has 0 or less Health, it is Fallen.
While Fallen, you can't attack with weapons or cast spells, but you can move 1 meter per turn and only have 0.5 Actions.
Your movement does provoke attacks of oportunity.

	Ambushing and Stealth
When a player group tries to ambush enemies, each player rolls Stealth (DC is highest enemy Perception + 8).
If a player succeeds, it has maximum Initiative for the first round of the encounter only.
When a player group is ambushed by enemies, each player rolls a Perception (DC is highest enemy Stealth + 8).
If a player fails, it has minimum Initiative for the first round of the encounter only.

	Resting
There are two types of rests in the game:
[Short Rest]
Players rest from half an hour up to multiple hours.
A Short Rest can be done anywhere.
Each player character has Stored Extra Health for rests equal to half of their maximum Health.
On Short Rests, players can use up as much as they want from that Stored Extra Health to heal for that much.
[Long Rest]
Players rest from 24 hours up to multiple days.
A Long Rest must be done in a safe environment.
Players regain full Health and Charges when finishing Long Rests.

	Falling
A character takes 2d6 damage for every 5 meters it falls.

	Skill Points
With Skill Points, you can buy trainings and increase skills.

Training in Unarmed Combat		 	: 1 Skill Point
Training in 1-Handed Melee Weapons 	: 1 Skill Point
Training in 2-Handed Melee Weapons 	: 1 Skill Point
Training in 1-Handed Ranged Weapons : 1 Skill Point
Training in 2-Handed Ranged Weapons : 1 Skill Point
Training in Finesse Weapons			: 1 Skill Point
Training in Melee Dual Wielding		: 1 Skill Point
Training in Ranged Dual Wielding	: 1 Skill Point
Training in Shields					: 1 Skill Point
Training in a Special Weapon: 1 Skill Point
Training in Normal Riding:  1 Skill Point
Training in Exotic Riding: 2 Skill Points
Training in Land Vehicle Driving: 1 Skill Point
Training in Sailing: 1 Skill Point
+1 to any skill						: 1 Skill Point
Any Common Language: 1 Skill Point
Any Wild, Elemental or Higher Language: 2 Skill Points