7/16/2019
	Weapons
Club - now deals 1d6 + 1 Damage on crits
Dagger - reworded to work with Weaponmaster
Mace - reworded to work better with Weaponmaster
Poor Man's Mallet - reworded to not work with Weaponmaster
Heavy Mace - reworded to work better with Weaponmaster
Longsword - reworded to not work with Weaponmaster
Shortbow - reworded to not work with Weaponmaster
	Spells
Aim - now works on any 0.5 action attack (not just weapons)
Flame Strike - 1d8 -> 1d4 + 1
Mastery - it's now a Passive ability, no need to cast it
	Shaman
Shaman no longer has access to Mage Armor.
Spirit Form now costs 0 Actions and is usable for free once per Adventure.
Primal Ways no longer lets you use Spirit Strike twice, but completely reworked:
    "You can no longer cast spells from the Shaman spell list, but choose a class from Rogue, Hunter and Warrior.
    You permanently have the starting abilities of that class."
	Warrior
Adjusted weapons for clearer synergies with Weaponmaster
Weaponmaster moved from Level 2 to Level 4.
Master Positioner now gives you 3 extra maneuvers instead of 2 meters range.
	Bertle
Cutting Teeth attacks now take 0.5 Actions.
Added Level 3 Talents: Sprightly Shaped, Eyes and Ears, Protruded Claws
	Dragonborn:
Added Level 3 Talents: Breath Master, Double Breath, Flaming Jaws
	Dwarf:
Added Level 3 Talents: Resilient Ancestry, Adapted Resting, Skill of Trade
	Elf:
Added Level 3 Talents: Mana Tap, Natural Swiftness, Landsperson


8/5/2019
	Weapons
The Damage of all weapons was wrong (1 or 2 Damage less than it was supposed to be)
Fixed that.
	Spells
Shank - the attack now has -2 to hit
Hide - changed the ability; it now allows you take your turn whenever you want
Chaining Grasp - now only works on creatures
Flash - made it a level 4 Spell; now teleports you
Radiant Smite - Damage up from 1d8 to 1d10
Blinding Smite - now affects all creatures within 2 meters of the main target
Cleansing Smite - Now 1d6 Damage and 1d10 heal (from 1d8 heal and Damage)
	Warlock
Life Cycle - changed: Heal a creature for up to 10 Health from your remaining Extra Health Pool.
Life Tap - changed: Gain 1 Charge this turn only.
	Shaman
Reworked Spirit Animals.
Now has 3 charges at Level 1 down from 4. The rest of the Shaman spells have been buffed.
Removed Spirit Form from Berserker and Seer.
Removed Primal Warlock from Berserker.
Spirit Strike - changed; now deals 33% of the target's missing health.
Added Level 3 Talents for Berserker: Spirit Companion, Spirit Bond





