
Gimmicks:
	o 100% hp or below 50%
	o Movement to charges
	o Start with 0 charges, generate them through abilities
	o Damage youself to cast abilities
	o Freely change the saving throw necessary for a spell
  o Ezreal's q (spell also acts as a weapon attack)
  
Goblins:
  

Necromancer:
	o Lantern (Like thresh)
	o Lich upgrade
	
Bard (Jester):
	o Leave a clone behind and go invisible
	
	
Elephant race:
  o Drink potions with no action
  o Large size - they DO have extra health or something
  o Master architects? My ass, how do they climb? They suck at building
  

	
	
Other race ideas:
  o Multiple hands race: No action for using items
  o Race too powerful (centaur)? Make their level 1 of level 3 power and they go up to level 8.
  o Race with manta ray wings that can glide
  o Construct race with a soul inside - can't change your armor because it's built in

	
	
Attacks get their damage reduced by Defense.
Non-attacks (like saves) don't.
Vulnerability and Resistance function normally.

Changes to stats:
- Armor is now Defense
- A character has on average 5 Defense (4,5,6)

Enemies exactly 2 meters away
Swap places
Nida spear
Beacon
Healing circle
2 enemies are pulled towards eachother
chain lightning
This turn, your abilities can't do less than X damage.
Mordekaiser's Ultimate





Trap			
Elemental Damage
Buffs
Choose between
Damage
Mobility
Pro and Con
On kill		
Zoning		
Swap Position
Return on investment



	Races:
High/Drow : High se ajuta intre ei, drow sunt backstaby
Dwarf/Uldra : Dwarfii sunt dwarfi subterani, uldra sunt overworld vikingsza
	Uldra sunt mai finlandezi, nu foarte sociabili
	Dwarves sunt sociabili af
	Uldra sunt mai susceptibili to change si they are adventurers!


	


Other Bonuses	: +1
Other Penalties : -2



	Stats:
Fortitude:
	- Determines your starting health
	- Increases your health every few levels.
	- Determines the attack roll bonus for certain weapons
Dexterity:
	- Adds to your Initiative
	- Determines the attack roll bonus for certain weapons
Intelligence:
	- Determines the number of known spells/maneuvers (see each class)
	- Gives you extra languages you can speak if high enough
	- Determines your starting Feat Points (4 + Intelligence)
Wisdom:
	- Wisdom is good!
	- Probably your main stat
Charisma:
	- Adds to your initiative
	- Probably your main stat

When you are damaged below 0, you still subtract.
To be conscious, you need to be at above 1 hp;

Level 3 Talent (Race): Cool Evolution. Not really 1 Charge, but cool


You get to short rest after 2 encounters?
How can we make encounters faster?
Knock unconscious has penalties
No components and shit
Making skills stat independent is a good idea
Con sucks. Good thing i'm getting rid of it
Things to buy with a lot of gold (houses with time rules and etc)
Some people don't like to homebrew, so definitely have monsters
Stealth as mechanic
Gold at higher level, be valuable!
New inventory system. Idea: only bigger items account for space
Mount rules
Clear tags for abilities (spell/physical/etc)
Spell levels are now called Spell tiers
Every race has subraces
1 on a saving throw for damage is a crit
Better CR system
Inspiration = story token. Yeah inspiration kindda sucks
*Every player starts with a token. Give other players karma ;D*
Combat rule: use grid. Variant rule: don't necessarily.
Roll stealth only if starting combat or necessary.
You have Intelligence + 2 maneuvers
You can't cast a spell multiple times in a turn.
While wielding a shield, you can't equip two handed weapons or cast spells costing 1 Actions or more.
I need a rule for checking for traps, it shouldnt be just as easy as 'checking'.
	Maybe you can check but if you fail, the trap triggers.
	So its a 50%-50% chance. This gives you a choice: check and see if its a trap, or avoid it completely.
	Also traps might be devastating
	The thing is, I want traps to be of 2 kinds:
		- Optional	: Roll to disarm or notice, but not essential to progression (high risk - high reward)
						Ex: an optional chest, loot, etc
		- Mandatory	: These should be avoidable without needing to roll. More like small puzzles
	If players ask for pereception rolls for traps, you can give them vague info like "Something seems off, but you don't know where or what"

If a spell says it does not stack, it means you take the highest of the buffs and apply that one.


Read Xanathar


What are the problems of 5e?
- Watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6K2n4Aeir4
- Monsters are too bland
- DMG is shit, it should all revolve around an example campaign
- Resting is too easy





+3 hit bonus
to have 0.66 hit chance	=> 2:1 hit:miss ratio

1 to 8 miss  =  8 rolls
9 to 20 hit  =  12 rolls

hit  - 0.66		- d
miss - 0.33		- d/2
0.66 * d + 0.33 * d / 2
d(0.66 + 0.33/2)













