

Things to give to classes:
  Damage (Sustained or Burst)
  Pet
  Mana
  Actions
  Stats
  Crowd Control (or AoE CC)
  Trap
  Healing
  Healing Prevention (can't heal vs be healed)
  Tanking
  Protection
    - Shielding
    - Passive Resistance/Immunities
    - Passive Defense vs ranged/melee
  Elemental Damage
  Buff
    - Damage
    - Health
    - Defense
    - Speed
    - Spell Grade
    - Main Stat
    - Resist Checks
    - Damage type resistance/vulnerability
  Debuff
  Choose between
  Mobility
  Zoning
  Teamwork/Combo
  Return on investment
  Drawback

Races:
  Go weird with race stat distribution and play with thigns like initiative, speed, etc

Gimmicks:
  
  o Movement to charges
  o Start with 0 charges, generate them through abilities
  - Damage youself to cast abilities [Druid]
  
  # Passive Gimicks
  o No more advanced spells
  o Rotate spell lists based on... idk
  o Halve your HP but double your Defense
  o Finished spells
  o While you have Shielding, you...
  o You can no longer cast spells, only maneuvers
  o Odd/Even number of charges
  o Your size becomes Large and you take 4 squares
  o Can only wear certain types of armor and weapon
  o {Monk} Instead of 2 Defense, you roll 1d4
  - No more basic spells [Cleric:Lich]
  - Stay in the 6 meters sweet spot [Not sure but 100% did this]
  - 100% hp or below 50%  [Cleric]
  
  # Damage/Dice Hacks
  o 1's rolled count as 3, 2's count as X, ...
  o This turn, your abilities can't do less than X Damage.
  - Your save-or-half spells now deal the Damage regardless. [Mage]
  - Split dice (1d8 -> 2d4) [Mage]
  - Decrease dice tier of monster [Shaman]
  
  # Small Bonuses
  o Choose X allies to not be affected by your AoE
  o Costs 35 gold to cast as a ritual instead of spending one charge
  o If target is immune or has resistance, you get your Action back
  o Only works on units that have at least 1 <Stat>
  o Damage equal to your Spell Grade
  o This combat, your excess overkill Damage hits another target directly
  o After you attack, you can move 1 meter without triggering Opportunity Attacks
  o Attack that counts as 3 attacks
  o 2 Attacks that count as one attack
  o Gain a short burst of speed when you enter an enemy's reach
  o +1 Speed for each Damaged ally
  o +2 Speed if near wall
  o Dash before your turn starts
  - No potion cooldown [Davel]
  - Freely change the saving throw necessary for a spell [Mage:Artificer, Warlock:Feat]
  - This attack ignores Cover, Disadvantage, Resistances, etc (make it on Quickfire for Hunter) [Hunter, Rogue]
  - Change the Damage type of any spell [Mage:Artificer]
  - Spell -> Maneuver [Warrior]
  - Double the range of spells and attacks [Cleric]
  - All prone allies stand up
  

  # Push/Pull
  o Put yourself between 2 units and PULLL
  o Push and you can make opportunity attacks on pushed enemies
  o Swap places
  o Fling
  o Pick up a unit and throw them where you like
  o Push all enemy units away from you
  o Choose 2 targets and boof them together
  o Put a bomb on the ground that pushes all units away from it



  # Changes
  o North star "defense"
  o Mage starting abilities spells on the same row
  o Proficiency in Mechanisms
  o Rename Prestidigitation to Magic Tricks

  # Items
  o Molotov

  # Class-Specific Mechanics
  REMEMBER: Apply high fantasy class fantasy to be thematic!
  o Cleric: Blessing > 0 Actions
  o Cleric (Battle): Pledge of Battle rework - only Awe and access to Divine list.
  o Cleric (Battle): Pledge of Battle x2: One more ally becomes your Pledgee
  o Cleric (Battle): Your offensive abilities that cost Mana cast Awe an additional time.
  o Cleric (Battle): Spread the Awe x2 and Stuns - target must make a Might Check or be Stunned 
  o Cleric (Light): Whenever you cast a 0-Action Class Ability (e.g. talent), restore 1 Mana to you or an ally.
  o Cleric (Light): Your non-Awe healing always heals for its maximum value (e.g. you don't roll dice).
  o **Cleric (Life): Is 1d8 per attack balanced? Also, Disengage?
  o **Cleric (Life): Partner in Life - Opportunity Attacks fumbling?
  o **Cleric (Life): Fix small Level 5 Talnet Abilities
  o **Cleric (Life): Awe for Corpses - is it balanced?
  o Cleric (Life): Terrifying Scream - all enemies be feared
  o Cleric (Life): Ghouls - all your summons become Ghouls, which are much stronger (including your companion)
  o Cleric (Life): Sanctuary - choose a 4x4 area. Cast Awe on all Units there. No enemy can willingly enter the zone for 1 turn.

  o Mage (Wizard): You gain +1 Mana instead of Spell Book.
  o Mage (Wizard & Sorcerer): Choose an element (Fire/Cold/Shock) - Depending on your element, things happen:
        - Cold: Whenever you apply Crowd Control to a Unit, increase all Cold Damage you deal by 1 this combat.
        - Fire: Whenever you hit 2 or more worthy Units with a spell, increase all Fire damage you deal by 1 this combat.
  o Mage (Wizard): Move Crystal Mage to Level 7
  o Mage (Sorcerer): Move Arcane Comet and Star Burst to Level 7
  o Mage (Artificer):
      Artificer (Remove this ability)
      Crate - all abilities are now called Create X instead of Artificer - X
      Create Magic Device:
        Duration: End of Adventure
        Choose a Spell you can cast and spend Mana for it if it requires Mana.
        You create a device (or scroll) containing that spell.
        After being used, or at the end of the Adventure, it is destroyed.
        Upgrade: You can freely make devices containing Prestidigitation, without spending Mana (up to 3).
        Notes: The device acts exactly like a scroll.
      Artificer - Magic Elixir: Duration: End of Adventure
      Artificer - Magic Weapon: Duration: End of Adventure
      Artificer - Golem: reword duration and Duration: End of Adventure
      Artificer - Grenade Duration: End of Adventure
      Artificer - Autoturret
      
      Artificer - Magic Armor:
        Notes: can replace limbs
        Can fly
        Extra saves
  o Mage (Artificer): Replicate - replicate a magic item
  o Mage (Artificer): Cyborg - your Might, Dexterity and Sense increase by 1, your Health by 10, your speed by 1 and all damage you deal with weapons by 1d4 (or 2d4 for 2H weapons).

  o Rogue (Thief): Fool's Coin - no more gold tokens, but gold directly
  o Rogue (Thief): Payback Shot, Thief Shock Wire - rework them
  o Rogue: Blade Tempest reword:
        Throw 8 shurikens: one towards each direction (up, up-right, right, etc).
        Each shuriken travels 4 meters, deals 2d6 Slash Damage to all Units it passes through, then stops in place.
        At the end of your next turn, each shuriken returns to you, dealing 2d6 Slash Damage again to all Units it passes through.
        Notes: Shurikens can occupy the same space as another Unit. When stopping in place, they spin and fly in place. A Unit can attack the shuriken to make it fall and cancel it. You freely catch the shurikens when they return. They will directly fly to you, whenever you are, within common sense limits. They stop if they hit walls or get stuck.
  o Rogue: Weakening Poison - target becomes Fumbling.
  o Rogue: Deathly Venom - reword

  o Druid - Druid Animal Companion - downside should be red
        [Solstice/Equinox]
  o Druid (Old Ways) - Sunrise/Moonfall now hits 1 extra target and deals 1d4 extra damage.
  o Druid (Old Ways) - Whenever you Shapeshif into an animal specific to the current time of day (GM-approved), cast Moonsun Fire for free.
  o Druid (Old Ways) - Constellation - 4 mana spell - deals a shit ton of damage or heals for a shit ton (if night/day)
  o Druid (Old Ways) - Moonsun Fire Stuns and deals 1d12 more damage.
  o Druid (Wild) - Reword Shapeshift Ally
  o Druid (Wild) - Forest Friend - Every turn, the pixie can attack for 1 Damage or heal an ally for 1 Health if they're not Fallen. It can also use its action to use potions and scrolls, but it's too small to flank with.
  o Druid (Wild) - Gain 2 racial feats from any race
  o Druid (Wild) - Draconic Ancestry - You can cast spells while Shapeshifted. Gain access to one more spell school of choice.
  o Druid (Wild) - Werebeast Ancestry - Transform into 3 animals at the same time. After you encounter a beast, you remember it and you can transform into it, gaining its exact abilities (as dictated by the GM).
  o Druid (Wild) - Fae Ancestry - Shapeshift has unlimted uses
  o Druid (Wicked) - Blood Gem - Craft a blood gem. Ally can use it. Your Reserve health increases by 5. You can use Blood Magic while Shapeshifted to reset the Cooldown of all Animal abilities.
  o Druid (Wicked) - Effigy - A Unit moves (for free) and attacks a target of your choice (for free). You can use Blood Magic for this.
  o Druid (Wicked) - Warding Symbol - Place a warding symbol. Once per round, if you want, if an ally within 3 meters of the symbol is attacked, the attacker must choose another target to attack and can move again. You can use Blood Magic for this.
  o Druid (Land) - Whenever you deal damage with a Nature Ability, all Nature Abilities gain +1 Damage.
  o Druid (Land) - When you case your Land Specialty Ability, heal all allies in the affected area or 1 meter away from it. (e.g. 1 meter away from any space affected by Wild Roots)
  o Druid (Land) - This turn, after you Heal, deal the same amount as Damage to a nearby enemy. Also, you can cast your Land Specialty and any other Druid Talents while Shapeshifted.

  o Warlock (Hexblade) - After you cast an offensive spell that costs mana, ALL your weapon attacks this turn deal the damage and you can break your movement this turn. (and hexstaff)
  o Warlock (Hexblade) - You heal (or an ally) for all Hexblade damage you deal and damage is increased.
  o Warlock (Hexblade) - Your Spells that cost Mana and can't deal damage cost 0 Actions for you and Hexblade applies to any spells that cost mana (once per turn)
  o Warlock (Hexblade) - Possession - Your Patron briefly enters your body and you gain stupid high stats, but you can't control your character; the GM does.
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Tier up applies to Elemental Spells too.
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Whenever you roll a d12 on a worthy Unit, teleport up to 3 meters in any direction (you need LoS)
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Your Spells that cost Mana and can't deal damage cost 0 Actions for you (once per turn)
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Double - when you have exactly 1 Mana and cast a Spell that costs 1 Mana, the spell casts twice.
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Tier Up - again
  o Warlock (Occultist) - Power Overwhelming - Your damage is doubled, but every time you roll 10 or higher on a die, you take 5 Psychic damage.
  o Warlock (Summoner) - Familiar pet attack now costs 0 Actions
  o Warlock (Summoner) - Gain 4 Feats

  o Shaman - Every attack creates a poisonous gast cloud; allies are immune to poisonous gas
  
  # Cool Abilities - Mechanics

  [Healing]
    Until next turn, heal for 10% of all Damage done by your allies
    Channel for up to 3 turns to heal each turn for 0.5 Actions
    Roll 3 1d4: odds heals, evens Damages (Penance, but Damage)
    Walk over a corpse to Heal
    Take Damage, then heal for double
    Deal Damage to an ally, then heal for double
    Senna's Q
    Excess healing is transformed into Damage around the target
    Take healing from reserve health to heal as much BUT no problem if you don't have reserve health!
    Regenerate x% of your total HP over 3 turns
    - Healing has maximum value [Cleric - Light]
    - Affect Reserve Health [Faith Spell]
    - Healing circle [Cleric]
    - Beacon [Cleric, Paladin]
    - Heal increases the lower HP the target [Druid, Shaman]

  [Combos]
    Create a field; missiles passing through it deal extra Damage
    Make an attack on all Units you have damaged this turn (Fire/Frost)
    All <Spell School> upcoming spells until your next turn deal + Damage
    Deals Damage for each empty space targeted
    Deal Damage to an enemy equal to its last attack's Damage.
    Deal a lot of Damage - target chosen by the GM
    Heal a target that was Damaged this round for 150% of the last Damage instance it took
    Reaction: stun
    Reaction: use when a unit is Rooted or Stunned - push/pull or Damage or chain it
    Attempt to Stun all units you recently Damaged
    "Allies can make 0.5 Actions on the target"
    Game of Faith - mark all enemies in an area; an ally can attack them to pop the marks
    Root a Unit; allies can dash to it

  [Conditions]
    If you cast a Fire spell last turn...
    If target is sitting in fire, acid or toxic gas...
    If its flanking, X; otherwise, Y
    If the target is affected by any debuff from your allies (including CC?)...
    If the target is taking a DoT or has any debuff..
    Whenever you damage a Unit... (optimize for hitting more targets)
    Name a Stat - deals Damage to the target equal to the stat you named
    Damage equal to the monster's Initiative
    An attack that duplicates itself, including all bonuses.
    Spend any amount of Actions but not 0 (even 0.01 lol)
    Ability that costs 1.5 Actions
    Ability that takes a Quarter-Action
    While the Ability is exhausted, you gain X
    Victory rush - only usable 1 turn after you kill an enemy
    Has different effect based on the round number
    Requires a mount
  

  [Passives]
    Your Basic Abilities have no cooldown
    Amplify DoT's
    Overkill = heal
    Aura of -2
    Bonus Damage attacking a target you haven't attacked this combat
    Add your Main Stat to any Damage you deal with weapons
    Double the effect of weapon effects
    "Counter opportunity attack"
    Fighter - Tunnel Fighter
    Your first attack every combat tries to Stun
    Every 3rd attack deals 10% of the target's maximum HP
    Your 4th spell every encounter dazes the target
    If you moved at least 6 meters wihtout backtracking, try to Cripple
    This round, your ranged attacks pierce through targets
    Next turn, you can reroll your first attack

  [Summon / Conjure]
    Stun trap
    Summon a ghost that patrols and scouts an area
    Spill your own blood to save a Potion.
    Summon a few invisible mines
    Summon something with health equal to your missing health
    Summon tentacles from walls
    Summon an immovable melee attacker

  [RoI]
    Hold a concoction a number of turns - the longer you hold it, the more damage/stun
    All your future Cold Damage done is increased by 1

  [Strange Effects]
    Defense: Go invisible for 2 turns. Seriously invisible.
    Defense: Go invisible while you're touching a wall
    Defense: Go invisible but enemies know where you are with a 25% accuracy (they know roughtly where you are)
    Defense: Lose some HP, but become invulnerable
    Defense: Braum shield {Paladin, Warrior}
    Defense: Ride it - can't move itself and can't be targeted by weapon attacks
    Mobility: Teleport, then deal Damage
    Mobility: Choose a location; at the start of your next turn, you teleport there
    Mobility: Teleport yourself and all allies within 3 meters to a destination
    Actions: Gain 1 action; next turn you lose 1 action
    Other: Monster doesn't apply + flat numbers modifiers until your next turn
    Other: The higher you roll, the stronger the spell is!
    Other: Death mark, but AoE
    Other: Spellcraft: 1 target -> 2 targets (or 2 -> 3)
    Other: Mage - make any ability with a cast time of 10 minutes a 0 Actions
    Other: Some PvE only mechanic - look at monsters and see what htey can do
        - Negate monster "on roll" effect
    Other: When a Unit dies around you, a crystal spawns on them that does something idk

  [Mild Effects]
    Physical: Your next attack jumps
    CC: Heavy slow (can only move 1 meter)
    CC: Summon a wall that takes 3 meters to pass through (water wall?)
    CC: Knock up all units around you
    CC: Death grip
    CC: Dose enemies in alcohol Blinding them. Next time they take Fire damage, they take 50% more.
    Mobility: Dash and Damage all units you pass through
    Mobility: Dash through a unit and land behind it
    AoE: Deal Damage in a cross
    AoE: Deal Divine Damage on the center, and physical Damage in the rest of the area
    AoE: Spell splits into 2 (Vel'koz)
    AoE: Damage all units affected by a DoT
    AoE: Damage units on the Edge of a 1-meter thick circle
    AoE: All units until the target take Damage too (or are snared)
    AoE: Deal the Damage spread out among targets as you like
    AoE: AoE around you; deals more Damage the closer the units are
    AoE: Deal Damage to all units in a very short 3 meter line
    AoE: All enemies within 20 meters take X Damage
    AoE: Spell that jumps from enemy to enemy, and deals more Damage with each jump
    AoE: Shoot a comet that grows in size the longer it travels (1x1, 2x2, 3x3, etc)
    AoE: Shoot a comet that deals CC the longer it travels (Slow > Root > Daze > Stun)
    AoE: Shoot a bolt that you can redirect on your next turn. It deals more Damage second time and can move more.
    AoE: Shoot 2 targets, but deals double Damage to the second
    Healing: Drain all units within 6 meters for 2 Health
    Defense: Gain Shielding, and next turn, deal AoE = the amount of shield you still have
    Defense: Gain Shielding equal to the Damage dealt
    Defense: When a Unit dies around you, gain shielding
    Defense: Until your next turn, you only take 50% of Damage
    Reaction: spell shield
    Reaction: destroy a projectile in air (or multiple if they come from the same source at the same time)

  [Mind Control]
    Possess - enemy can't distinguish friend from foe
    Redirect an attack from an ally to an enemy
    Next time target deals Damage, it takes back the same Damage before defense
    Sanctuary - when attacked, attacker must succeed a save or choose a different target
  
  [Other]
    {Monk} If you roll doubles, use an effect
    {Monk} When you kill an enemy, this spell resets
    {Monk} Dash 6 meters and take a unit with you and smash him in the ground
    {Monk} Dash to a unit within 10 meters, ignoring line of sight and Damage all units you pass near
    {Monk} Lightning Hand (chidori xD)
    {Monk} Stances? Half-action shift stance?
  
  - Give ally one of your spells [Paladin/Cleric]
  - Darkness [Warlock:Occultist]
  - Gain Shielding equal to your Initiative [Rogue]
  - Deals Damage based on the target's current Speed
  - Pull ally to you (Reaction too) [Divine:Saving Throw]
  - Activate thorns! [Nature:Thorn Quills]
  - Save = win, fail = win as well [Nature:Paralyzing Sting]
  - Channel a storm that grows the more you wait [Conjuration:Arrow Barrage]
  - Guiding Bolt - next ability that affects it can reroll any of the Damage dice once [Divine Spell]
  - "Unit becomes feared by ally" [Faith Spell]
  - Glory Run - every combat, a Glory Mark appears diametrally opposite; touch it and something happens! [Shaman]
  - Limit Damage of enemy [Bloodshed]
  - You start the combat with temporary HP equal to the number of enemies you see [Warfare]
  - AoE around you, 2 dice for each target - you choose which dice you use for which target [Warfare]
  - Attack that scales with round number [Cleric]
  - Ram into a wall; all units near that wall are stunned and take Damage [Hunter]
  - You increase your Max HP by X and grow in size [Shaman]
  - Enhances for existing Spells from Basic Ability Lists [Paladin]
  - Summon 8 pillars that return to you next turn and Damage all units they pass through [Rogue]
  - Confusion - roll 1d4 to determine its behavior that turn [Mysticism Spell]
  - North star - conjure a missile that always goes north [spell]
  - If the target moves, it takes Damage [Nature Spell]
  - Summon a storm that deals Damage; you can move it 2 meters every turn (or more if you spend actions) [Nature Spell]
  - Curved missile [Nature Spell]
  - Zed's death mark [Rogue]
  - If you move forward in combat, you get X bonus; if you move backward, you gain another X bonus. [Warrior]
  - Spawn a tripwire between 2 obstacles [Rogue]
  - Nida spear [Hunter]
  - When 6 Units die, unexhaust an ability [Paladin]
  - Circle that reduces all Damage received by 50% [Paladin]
  - Circle that reduces Defense [Hunter]
  - Summon multiple small bombs that Damage units walking through them [Shaman]
  - Forgetfulness (enemies forget to use ranged attacks) [Druid]
  - Next ability casts twice [Druid]
  - Zhonya [Mage]
  - Link Damage - the first time the target takes Damage, it is shared [Shaman]
  - If it hits 2 targets, Stuns them (Bard Q) [Druid]
  - Declare 4 targets and roll 4d4. Missiles shoot them. [Mage]
  - Reaction: use when a unit goes flying (pushed, knocked up, etc) [Hunter]
  - Reaction: Raise a wall to block projectile [Hunter]
  
  # Cool Abilities - Flavors
  o Shout - buff allies for the rest of the combat
  o Throw your BIG ASS WEAPON
  
  o High noon - make 6 ranged attacks
  
  o Huge ass cone spell
  o Chain Lightning
  
  - Wind wall [Hunter]
  o Substitution like Wukong
  o Summon a clone of yourself
  o Smoke bomb
  o Skip from unit to unit (3 meters) (like Gnar)
  
  o Bladestorm - you make 6 attacks on whoever you like
  
  o Reality fissure
  o Spawn mist around a terrain
  o Extend your shadow to stun a target
  o Steal shadows
  o Summon a large Eye that can see everything
  o Eye beam
  o Channel a beam
  o Moving leaves a trail of fire
  o Jump, then dash into the ground like a comet
  o Summon a wall of zombies (which then uproot!)
  o Summon a flask of spiders
  o Channel a huge monster (Yes, like Nazeebo)
  o Non-euclidian Geometry
  - Mordekaiser's Ultimate [Cleric]
  - Summon a black hole [Cleric]
  
  o Choose a tree and snare all enemies under it
  o Summon multiple animals
  
  o You just radiate Damage around you (Paladin?)
 
  # Mechanics
  o Reroll a die or more
  o Enemies exactly 2 meters away...
  o High risk - high reward...
  
  # Flavor and Lore
  o Bloodlust that accumulates if you don't kill

  
Feats and Afflictions:
  o Feats are things that drastically change how you play your character
    o E.g. vampirism, undead, deaf, blind, etc
      o Vampiric Beast - you are forced to pick this Talent on level up... (replaces vampirism)
      o Vampiric Lord
  o Feats for 'multiclassing' like Pathfinder 2e
    o e.g. If you wanna be more like a ranger, you get some feats that make you more like a ranger
  o Check out Pathfinder 2e feats, they are alegedly cooler

Loot cases!

Lore:
  o All lore is "suggested lore"
  o Nobody really know if there is life after death. Some say there is, some not.
    o Like yeah ghosts and spirits exist and they suffer
    o But where do they go after that?
    o Some are still contactable, some vanish without trace.

Plots:
  o A clockwork master that can fix anything. Yes that includes people. "replace the broken parts with new ones"


  
Status Effects:
  o Crippled - make sure all classes have things that are not considered maneuvers!
 
Design:
  o Add a difficulty rating for each class and spec
  o 5e to CoH monster converter
  o Join Rolls (multiple rolls = the average; more people = more consistent)
  o Crafting mechanic based on gold as a resource (e.g. 'plants worth 13 gold')
    o "You find 13 gold worth of plants"
    o Or based on a few core items which can be given to the players as loot (e.g. soulstone)
    o E.g. Potion of Healing = 2 core items + 50 gold worth of misc materials (plants)
  o Halfsword attack (google halfswording technique - improves defense, penetrates armor)
  o Check this for extra weapon inspiration: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zcrPL3Kz3j0-CWKOS5PtTgLYA61i95ku/view
  o "You have unlimited Reactions" (on some Tank that can dash and absorb Damage)
  o Alternate rules for ranges (3 ranges: melee, close-by, far)
  o Tieflings adapt their horns/looks/eyes/etc based on what they value the most
  o Give barbarians utility
  o Spend Inspiration to gain Proficiency or Training (or even Feats)
  o Allow Talent respecs
  o DMPC's/followers die when reaching 0 HP
    o To dissuade players from going with others, followers take up XP, gold and magic items
  o Utility spells should not cost mana or insight
  o Short/Medium rest? You get 25% of your resources?
    o Or 1 heal every hour?
    o Or cooldowns don't reset
    o You get full health but no reserve Health or mana? Hmm
    

Done design:
  o Remove skills entirely and just have the backgrounds, races and classes give individual Advantage for specific things
    E.g. "You have advantage when trying to intimidate someone"
    Skills that don't fit on any stat:
    - Luck
    - Monstrology
    - Crafting
    - Use Rope
    - Dungeoneering
  o Stunt bonus
  o Make the baseline movement speed 5

Lore:
  o Ancient Great Old God that's actually really small, like Ludwig from DS3

Development:
  o Use stock images with filters
  o Should probably remake the website in React
  o Search for Web UI assets
  o Make a DM course with a few free videos with really good advice to hook people in (e.g. players say things)
    o Make sure ithas clickbait titles
  o Use dScrybe to get descriptions

Goblins:


Necromancer:
	o Lantern (Like thresh)
	o Lich upgrade
	
Bard (Jester):
	o Leave a clone behind and go invisible
  o Bard known spells aren't Damage based, but there's a talen for that
  o Proficiency in all rolls with a certain Stat
	
	
Elephant race:
  o Drink potions with no action
  o Large size - they DO have Reserve Health or something
  o Master architects? My ass, how do they climb? They suck at building  
  
Other race ideas:
  o Multiple hands race: No action for using items
  o Race too powerful (centaur)? Make their level 1 of level 3 power and they go up to level 8.
  o Race with manta ray wings that can glide
  o Construct race with a soul inside - can't change your armor because it's built in
  o Custom race - 6 talens every time
  o "Ask yourself - why would this race adventure"

Large Scale Combats:
  o Rules exactly like Risk
  o Different types of squads (units) in Rock-Paper-Scisors kind of battles
  o Individual player spells give small bonuses with made up rules
    o E.g. Slow prevents a whole area from moving.
    
DM Guide:
  o Apply common sense when in doubt.
    o Yes, players/DM might interpret a rule to give them an advantage, but ask yourself...
  o Exercise for new DM's: "players do X, how do you react?" take your time.

Posting tips:
- Please focus a bit more on the titles. Capitalize every word that's not 'a' or 'of' or 'the' and make it a bit longer
- Pay a bit more attention to the post formatting. I'd rather you post less and take your time with formatting.

Key points:
- Play a modernly-designed, clean and deep fantasy TTRPG for the new generation of tabletop roleplayers
- Easy to DM, and you can do it!
  - You just call for D12 checks out of combat - players can decide to apply their bonuses
  - Adventure system for smooth session pacing, perfect for either campaigns or one-shots
  - Monsters are straightforward, have the same initiative and are easy to run
- Fast, tactical combat with lots of opportunities
  - No roll to hit - simply roll damage
  - Mana system for all classes (yes, even Warriors)
  - A large and diverse set of weapons, Basic Abilitis and Class Talents
- Focus on clarity and cleanliness
  - All Ability boxes have an icon, tags, and a simple description with fine prints for clarification 
  - An always free-to-use website with all resources
  - Clean character sheets (and the metric system, woohoo)
- Unique monsters from real folklore - no two enemies are alike!
  - Goblins do more damage the more there are!
  - Zombies need to be killed with a heavy blow!
  - Ogres are EPIC Monsters and take multiple turns!
- Hundreds of thousands of character options and combinations - all viable and strong!
  - Simple rules - hundreds of Abilities to break the rules!
  - Grow your characters through the 10 Levels by getting Talents - powerful Abilities that alters your playstyle!
- 100% Free and open license


Name Ideas:
- Hero, Quest, Adventure, Banner
- Legend, Rite, Reign, Land, Realm, Line, Rise/Rising
- Craft, Ever, Watch, Run, Guard, Crest, Relic, Delve
- Explore, Journey
- Fire

- Questguard
- Heroseeker
- Adventure Rite
- Herotrail

- Questcraft
- Questwatch
- Questfront
- Questheart
- Herotrail
- Heroseeker
- Quest Rise
- Herostrife
- Quest Hail
- Hero Bond
- Adventure Hail
- Herocrest
- Heroguard
- Quests & Heroes

- Hero-Bound [TAKEN]
- Heroheart [Conflicts with Daggerheart]
- Heroclaim [Somewhat taken by an LLC and some unknown products]
- Hero Trace [TAKEN]
- Herobound [TAKEN]
- Herofront [TAKEN]
- Herofall [TAKEN]
- Herocraft [TAKEN]
- Heroway [TAKEN]

LMAO NO:
- Heroheim (HH)
- Griffincraft (Gryphoncraft? Gryphin? Griphin?) (though that's literally my company's name)


NEWCOM598

	Races:
High/Drow : High se ajuta intre ei, drow sunt backstaby
Dwarf/Uldra : Dwarfii sunt dwarfi subterani, uldra sunt overworld vikingsza
	Uldra sunt mai finlandezi, nu foarte sociabili
	Dwarves sunt sociabili af
	Uldra sunt mai susceptibili to change si they are adventurers!
Triton: Your attacks in water or on enemies touching water are Flanking


What are the problems of 5e?
- Watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6K2n4Aeir4
- Monsters are too bland
- DMG is shit, it should all revolve around an example campaign
- Resting is too easy
