
	World Explained
At first, only one thing existed: an entity called Ra.
Ra was the only thing there was.
Absolutely nothing else existed, but Ra.

Ra created a world called Origin.
Origin was a world with an infinite amount of dimensions and which spanned into infinity on all dimensions.
Something a mortal could never comprehend.

Origin was empty. So Ra 'split' itself into multiple entities.
These entities were the Creators.
The Creators, like Ra, could create things. They could create anything!
But their power was limited to creating things inside Origin, as lawed by Ra.
Origin was thus a world created for the Creators.

And the Creators started making their own worlds, and experimented with different dimensions.
They made worlds with 1, 2, 3, 4 dimensions and so on.

The world that interests us is the 3D world.
One of the Creators created a 3D world, and called it Astra.
The Creator of Astra was called God, and now God watches over everything that happens in Astra.

God split himself into multiple entities inside Astra.
These entities were the Overgods (or just gods for short).
And they could create things, but only inside Astra.
Each god had its own personality, and they started to create their own planets (called Planes), to their liking, like a group of children playing with Lego in the same room.

Of course, their different personalities could not agree upon which of their Planes was the 'best'.
Each god had its own personal planes, but together, they agreed to create one plane, together.
One plane to rule them all, a plane in which every god had its say.
So they created Gaia, also called earth...

The default setting for Questguard adventures is Gaia.
Gaia is the equivalent of our real planet, Terra (or Toril from Dungeons and Dragons, Azeroth from World of Warcraft, etc).
It is said to be the most diverse plane of all.

To your (or your DM's) liking, you can choose any setting for your adventures!
Feel free to run adventures in any story or setting you like.
Gaia exists to provide a systematic and clear world to play in, and you can modify it as you like.

For Questguard, as a DM, you are exactly the creator of Astra, you are God.




	Magic Explained
Magic is fairly simple.
There exists this abstract database of Prime Runes.
This database of Prime Runes is accessible by anyone.
However, to access a Prime Rune, you must know what it looks like.
Each Prime Rune is related to one thing, like fire, gold or darkness.
To cast a spell, a magic user must tap into one or more of these Prime Runes, and does the following:
1) Traces in their mind the exact drawing of a Prime Rune (imagine Chinese characters) at the location of choice.
Some runes are simpler (like the Prime Rune of Fire).
While others are unbelievably complex (like the Prime Rune of Gold).
And some are often not very well know (like the Prime Rune of Darkness).
This explains why most casters can cast fire spells, why so few or barely any can cast transmutation spells and some can cast darkness spells, with a bit of help from various sources...
2) After tracing in their mind the exact drawing of a Prime Rune, the caster must then use its own flow of magic and concentration to tap into it.
3) After tapping into the Prime Rune, the caster draws power from it, and for a time can use it to unleash a spell related to that rune by focusing its power in a certain way, or it can combine it with another rune to create even more powerful effects!
Hopefully, we can now understand why magic is hard and why it requires a lot of practice.
Not for everyone, though! Certain races are born with the innate ability to tap into some basic runes.
There are hundreds, thousands of Prime Runes!
Magic is everywhere. There are always secret, new or undiscovered runes around.
One can barely dream of mastering them all!

	How Prime Runes are created
Most Prime Runes were created by gods to facilitate the use of their magic.
Fuo, for example, created various runes related to fire.
Other Prime Runes were created by very powerful individuals or groups of individuals.
How this came to be is a mystery.
Surely, a mortal can't possibly achieve the power to create a Prime Rune, a source of infinite power...

	Schools of magic explained:
1. Destruction
Creating fire (heat), water (cold), electricity or blunt force.
This is the most simple school of magic.
The caster taps into simple elemental runes.
With practice comes power, as better mastery of these runes leads to better and stronger spells!
It is also important to know that spells like telekinesis are actually very delicate force magic.
Mastering this school of Destruction takes actual practice, and less book studying.

2. Evocation
Manipulating the flow of energies and bending elements to your will.
Often on the other side of Destruction, Evocation does not concern itself with destroying, but rather with controlling the weave.
If Destruction magic requires practice in an all-out fashion, Evocation magic requires calm and meditative practice.
Mastering this school of Evocation takes practice, concentration and patience.

3. Abjuration
Casting barriers, protective wards or antimagic zones.
An Abjurer is always on its toes, and always knows how to deal with a problem.
Directly protecting and negating other magic is simple: tap into the Primal Rune(s) of the spell(s) used by your enemy, just backwards.
It's easier said than done, for it takes great reflex, speed of mind and sharp skills to counter a spell or foe.
An antimagic zone is a zone programmed to cast all spells inside backwards, at the same time as the casters.
Many wards of protection are, however, just taps into Runes, in certain sequences and orders, of course.
The list of abjuration uses goes on and on.
Mastering this school of Abjuration takes quick thinking, good reflexes and a vast knowledge of magic.

4. Conjuration
Creating or summoning objects or creatures, teleporting.
Each creature has it's own magic stamp (like a magic fingerprint).
Simple creatures like insects have very similar magic stamps, while intelligent creatures have very complex, changing and different stamps.
To summon a creature, the caster must tap into certain Prime Runes, and also tap into the magic stamp of a creature.
When trying to summon a creature, you trace in your mind its stamp together with the Prime Runes, and slightly alter the stamp to your liking.
That way, you can summon a different creature of the same species every time!
Try it! Oh wait...
To summon an object, special stamps must be... stamped... onto already existing objects.
Thankfully, there are special places (like real life web servers) that can provide this service for you, for a cost, of course.
A customer wizard can buy a subscription to such place, and can just summon their objects instead of their own.
These services usually operate within mage colleges, and some are free for students.
If you don't like this explenation, create your own! It's your world, after all!
Mastering this school of Conjuration takes a lot of travel, as the caster must travel from place to place to learn the beauties of conjuration magic!

5. Enchantment
Altering the mind of people, charming or influencing their behaviour.
Enchantment is the fine art of manipulating other people's mind without them noticing.
There is no Prime Rune for this, and it is generally improvised by casters, using other Prime Runes and knowledge of the human brain.
The power to subtly affect substances in brain or waves of energy comes for very patient casters.
Mastering this school of Enchantment takes the practice fine movements, patience and calm, as well as a general knowledge of the brain and various less known runes.
	
6. Divination
Scrying, revealing hidden information, far sight.
A diviner is a special magic user that can convey information through magic.
Seeing the past is done by tapping into certain Prime Runes while having the memory of what you want to learn.
A memory could mean a book, the energy of someone who died or just being in that place.
The diviner then taps into a Rune, tries to hack its access into the memory and digs inside it until it finds what it needs.
Far sight is very unlikely, unless it being a vision sent by a god or another being.
But rumor has it among magic users that a very good diviner can actually get visions of the future.
To track a person, you must first obtain its magic stamp.
This is done through close examination of that person's movement, emotions, etc.
A diviner can then draw a conclusion (pun intended) as to what its stamp might look like and then access is granted!
There will probably be lots of flaws in its conclusion, so that's why a diviner must learn to use its intuition, take wild guesses and recognize patterns in magic stamps.
A good diviner works with a lot of people and is used to blatant trial and error, takes lots of notes. It is said to be a truly rewarding school, when you finaly obtain whatever information you wanted after dozens of failures!

7. Restoration
Healing, reviving, moving energies around, channeling spirits.
Restoration is less an art of mastering Prime Runes (thought it does include knowing some), and more a matter of learning how to channel other's energy in a positive way.
Contrary to the common belief, when a Restorer heals a wound, it's not the Restorer who does it, but the patient.
The Restorer simply channels the patient's energy, so that the patient can heal itself much quicker.
The same happens with reviving, which involves also channeling that person's spirit back into the body.
Mastering this school of Restoration takes mastery of self, and a strong inclination to work in teams.	
	
8. Illusion
Creating mirages or false images, sounds or smells
All senses can be tricked, and while some of them are easier to fool with other schools of magic, the true art lies in the mastery of Illusion magic.
Illusion uses various Prime Runes to change the way light reflects and refracts, manipulate sound waves, etc.

	

	
	Antathos		Zeul Mortii					              NE
	Scias		    Zeul Cunoasterii				          NG
	Kreya		    Zeita Vietii si a Creatiei		    LG
	Sol			    Zeul Soarelui					            LG
	Elune		    Zeita Lunii					              LN
	La			    Zeita Musicii si a Sunetului		  CG
	Sombra		  Zeita Intunericului			          LE
	Ao Shin		  Zeul Apei						              LN
	Tera			  Zeita Pamantului				          N
	Sielan		  Zeul Vantului si al Aerului		    CN
	Fuo			    Zeul Focului					            CE
	Stromal		  Zeul Furtunilor				            CN
	Silva		    Zeita Naturii					            LG
	Uur			    Zeul Razboiului				            LE
	Horos		    Zeul Timpului si al Echilibrului	N
	Fraus		    Zeul Inselatoriei				          CE
	Lux			    Zeita Luminii					            CG
	Koa			    Zeul Haosului					            CN
  
  
  