	Puzzle/Challenge Ideas
Easy Puzzles:
o Room - Reverse Pits: is filled with 'reverse' pits. Stepping on a pressure plate shoots the ground up.
    To get up you must activate all pressure plates.
    But be careful, because it shoots up fast, like a god damn gun!
o Room - Fake Lava: Players must cross a lake of fake lava (it's fake, it doesn't burn but it definitely emmanates heat)
o Room - Illusion water: Water seems to go deeper and deeper, but it's actually shallow. Illusion.
o Room - The Key: The key is hidden inside one of the animal/dragon heads mounted on the wall
o Room - 3 statues: 1 is covering their ears, one their mouth, 3rd one nothing (players must cover its eyes)
o Room - The Timer: Button in the middle of the room with a timer; if you push the button, it resets the timer; at the end, nothing happens
o Room - Electric Floor: Has Electric Water in it. Must be deactivated from the other side of the room.
o Room - Permanent Fire/Gas Shooter: Something in the wall keeps shooting fire or toxic gas.
o Room - The entrance / tunnel is swarming with undead.
o Room - Cliff down: How do they descend?
o Room - Cliff up: How do they climb?
o Wall - Explode Wall : Wall is slightly broken, but can't be broken by hand. Players have to carry an explosive barrel and explode it.
    Players first see the wall, then they find the explosives in another room.
o Door - Simultanuous buttons: 8 buttons are all around the room. All must be pushed at the same time
o Door - Equation: An equation that's missing a '+' (or a '=' missing a line, or a minus, etc) sign; the wall allows them to draw one line only
o Door - The 13 Symbol Zodiac: A zodiac is on the wall. Either one of the symbols is replaced, or there's a 13th one. The players must tap the correct one, or be blasted away with magic.
o Door - Door of Shame: every character must tell something shameful from their past that nobody else around knows
o Door - Painting recreation: Painting in a room depicts a queen knighting a knight under an overgrown arcade. In another room, there's an overgrown arcade. Players must recreate the scene.
o Door - 3-finger Golden Hand: Door has 3 holes. Players find the 'key' which is shaped like a golden hand. The 3rd finger is missing. Players must insert something golden inside the hole.
    If they insert something else, they get shocked.
o Door - Fibonacci: 1 1 2 3 5


Medium Puzzles:
o Any - Caesar Cypher: Instructions are written in 1-letter shift to the left/right or CAESAR cypher. To increase difficulty slightly, add numbers and shift more letters.
o Any - 3 statements. Now gimme an example
  - Fraus are 3 amulete
  - Sombra are 4 urmaritori
  - Antathos este zeu
o Door - The Cthulhu door: A sentient door that can speak, but isnt very smart.
    It reads "The word is Cthulhu". Players must make the door say 'Cthulhu'
o Door - Dwarven Door: the players must pretend to be dwarves to pass.
o Door - Sound barrier: make loud noises to break it!
o Door - Soul Door: 2 creatures must die near the door to open it
o Door - A Fallout 3 like hack
o Door - The passphrase is written in invisible ink (players sense no magic about it)
o Door - The solution is in a story written in a strange font: it's 3 pixels high
o Door - A series of hand gestures crudely written on the wall. Players must make those hand gestures, one by one
  - Make it more difficult by previously giving the players the info that the guys who made this wrote from right to left/right
  - Make it more difficult by "crossing out" some hand gestures somehow
o Door - A passcode lock of 4 digits. Players can find the combination somewhere else:
	- A dead mob
	- A locked chest
	- Written on a wall
o Door - A writing in an unusual numbering system with Angles (similar to ours). 1 angle = 1
o Door - A series of drawing of "elements" - players must cast spells of those elements to solve the puzzle. Make the elements somewhat crudely drawn
o Door - A series of musical notes that spell out a word (e.g. D E A D)
o Room - Blood Darts: Blood darts that don't shoot if they detect blood; coat yourself in blood to pass
o Room - Word Find: In one room, you have a "word find" table on the wall with words like "death", "frost", "skeleton". Next room, there are tiles that are trapped, same size as the board (don't tell them about the connection! very important); players must go around the tiles to reach the end of the room, without touching tiles where there is a word on the table
o Room - Laser and Mirrors: A laser is in the first room of the dungeon; must get it to shine on the door of another room
o Room - Vinegar Pool : Area is flooded with vinegar / sand (with mobs ofc >:)
    Note that vinegar can make you sick by smelling it, irritate lungs, corrode metal and materials, Damage the skin, etc.
o Room - Entrance to X is swarmed with undead
o Room - Weight Sensitive Pressure Plates: Pressure plates that activate over a certain weight. Room full of them.
o Room - Scale: there are several pressure plates that must all be activated by different weights to keep a door open. Make sure the door shuts hard and fast - players might have to leave things behind.
o Room - The 20 meter descend, with spikes at the bottom or everywhere and a door blocked by spikes
o Room - Minesweeper
o Room - Connect the dots without intersecting
o Room - Grid. Some squares are traps. Press a button to briefly flash the right path
o Room - Grid. When you step out of a square, it disappears.
o Other - Minecraft obelisk 
o Other - X Marks the spot - You get a piece of a map
o Roleplay - Tightening Chains Man: A man is in chains at the end of the room. The closer the players get to him, the harder the chains tighten. Screams!

Hard Puzzles:
o Any - Einstein's puzzle
o Any - Hotel monopoly
o Any - Black magic
o Other - The archive files
o Other - Crypted Journal: Players find a journal written in an ancient language; some of it can be translated, but some words just can mean anything.
o Door - Sunlight Lock: Sunlight must touch the lock. Too bad you're underground
o Door - Vampire mirror: It also has a corpse in front of it >:)
o Door - The password to the door is in morse code in the room, but you have to zoom out on the whole room and see the full picture :)
o Door - The chess cypher - pieces are put on a chess board in such a way to spell BAD BAG (1B 2A 3D...)
o Door - The chess cypher (2) - pieces are put on a chess board in such a way to spell CAGE HEAD (C4 G3 H3 A4), from Pawn > Piece > Queen > King, first word white, second black. In the room, there are mannequins with cage heads
o Door - HEARTH EVICT: The dungeon contains 10 words, in any order: HEARTH, EVICT, IMP, LEAD, FORMER, CYAN, DIM, MEDIA, TEES, CAPE. This is the password to the final room (or a locked room) of the dungeon.
o Door - 10-digit pass code; 10 rules (every digit only once; the last 2 digits + the first 2 digits = 10, etc)
o Room - Connect the Stars: Stars of various sizes - connect them to find the path through an electric room
o Room - Magnetic corridor. Have fun!
o Room - An infinite spiral stairway that's 10m of stairs repeating. Solution: tie a rope or something to form a loop, or touch eachother
o Room - An infinite spiral stairway v2, that's 1km of stairs repeating. Solution: go up (or down) without touching the stairs; use the windows, balustrada, etc
o Room - PWR WRD BRCH: 5 runes spell out that phrase, which the players must say to activate the puzzle
o Outdoors - Walk Backwards: 1-way road. but at a point, all ways get to the same point. To progress, you must walk backwards

Variable Difficulty:
o Extra difficulty: Room is cursed - 1d4 slashing Damage whenever someone says the letter "s"



	Chest Opens
o You must flip the chest upside down to open it
o 2 people must pull on the upper/bottom sides at the same time



	Simple Challenges
o Low Ceiling
o River Cross
o Cross a Crevase/Lava River/Gas Pit
o Climb up a cliff
o Descend down a cliff
o Stairs are collapsed. There's a hatch in the ceiling. Players must go through there.
o Dead End Illusion: The room seems a dead end. Smart players will notice there should be something more and investigate the walls.
o Underwater cave - how do you hold your breath for so long?




  Mysteries
o Who burned the house down and where are the children?
  Bones were found in the house (but turns out they were of a completely different person)
o They encounter slender man. He doensn't move. He just does nothing. Even if they touch him, he just stays there.
  If they attack him, he just vanishes  
  
  
  
  Online Games
o https://www.crazygames.com/game/single-stroke-line-draw (Unlock higher difficulties with ads - Supreme Master)