#Race#
	Hollow
Hollows are revenants of people who suffered an unworthy or untimely death and who's job as a mortal is not finished. Like a ghost, a Hollow's pursuit is so strong that their soul refused to leave the mortal plane, and has come back into their own body to finish what they started. A hollow is an undead, yet not considered necessarily unholy. As a Hollow, you might have been revived by the god you follow, or simply your feeling of purpose was so strong that your soul did not leave your body when you died. A Hollow always has a goal, usually started when they were alive. Or, you might have gotten your goal when you died, such as exacting revenge on the person who killed you. Most of the time, hollows are devoid of emotions. Many common emotions they used to have are now numbed. They might retain emotions they particularily had when they were alive, such as love (if, for example, they had someone they loved very much). The primary emotion they feel is the one that drives them to their goal. In following their goal, a Hollow might be unusually hopeful or perseverent. The worst emotions a hollow can feel are uselessness and hopelessness. Sometimes, being hollow comes with partial amnesia. A Hollow might forget certain aspects of their past life, such as forgetting some skills or who some people were, where they lived, sometimes even what their name is, in which case a Hollow will come up with a name to represent them, based on what they know. After achieving their goal, a hollow usually feels complete, unless another goal arises. Then, it's the Hollow's choice what it wants to do: roam until their body becomes too rotten to continue and finally release their soul, or kill themselves, as their life's purpose was fulfilled.

//Keywords: Vessel, Soul, Willpower, Husk


#Other#
When choosing Hollow as a race:
	Choose which race you were prior to your death.
	This is only for aesthetics and storytelling purposes.

#Options#
When creating your character:
	a) Either increase two stats (except Fortitude and Dexterity) by 1, or increase Fortitude or Dexterity by 1.
	a) Choose 2 of these, and increase them by 1: Wisdom, Intelligence or Dexterity
	b) You have +2 in Fortitude saves and Wisdom saves.
	
#Skills#
You have -1 Athletics, -1 Luck, -1 Nature, -1 Persuasion and -1 Animal Handling

#Stats#
Base Health: 8
Movement: 6 meters
Lifespan: 1 to 20 years as a Hollow
Languages: Any common language specific to your past life race

#Language#
If your Intelligence is at least 1, you can speak 1 additional Common language.

#Abilities#
You start with the following racial abilities:

[Undeath] : Passive
You have Advantage to rolls against Diseases.
You have 50% vulnerability to Fire damage and to attacks done with silver weapons.
You do not require food to survive, but you do require 8 hours of sleep per day, water and air.
You are considered Undead.

[Valiant] : Passive
When you drop to 0 Health, you can still take your next turn without penalty.
After your next turn, you fall unconscious.
You also fall unconscious in that time if you take damage again.
This can only happen once per Long Rest.

#LevelBonus#
At Level 1, you can pick one of the following talents and know it permanently:

{Husk} : Reaction
When an ally near you would be damaged by an attack, you can take that damage for them instead.
You can do this once per Long Rest.

{Beating Heart} : Passive
You slow down the decaying of your body and increase your life span by up to 100 years.
Your maximum health also increases by 3.

#LevelBonus#
At Level 3, pick one of the following Talents and know it permanently:


#PageEnd#
	
	At Level 3:



{Soul Vessel} : Passive


{Release} : 0 Actions
Your soul temporarily exits your body, leaving your body motionless to the ground. While outside your body, the soul can't do anything except perceive.
You can return to your body for 0 Actions on your turn.
While outside your body, you have +3 on Perception, Insight and Luck.
If more than 1 minute outside the body passes, your soul instantly re-enters the body.
You can do this once per Long Rest.

{Kindled} : Passive
You are no longer vulnerable to Fire damage.
After every worthy encounter, if your health is below 25% and you are conscious, heal back to 25% Health.



{Painless Revenge} : 0 Actions
Choose an enemy near you.
That enemy performs an attack on you.
If you survive the attack, you gain 1 Action which you can use to attack or cast spells on that enemy.
You can do this once per Long Rest.

{Darkvision} : Passive
You can see up to 12 meters away in darkness, without discerning colors.








