[Inventory] : Game Rule
TL;DR Your carry 2 + Fortitude weight. Each carried item is worth 0, 0.5 or 1 in weight.
If you exceed your carry limit, you have -5 on all rolls and halved movement speed.
To drop those items, you have to spend 1 Action.

This rule describes how much stuff you can carry around you.
Your character can carry items in a backpack, bags, etc.
The default rules for this assumes your character is indeed carrying a normal backpack.
There are no drawbacks to carrying a backpack.
The term of 'carryable item' refers to any object someone can normally carry: a sword, a pencil, a set of clothes, a bag of sand, etc.
Carryable items are split into three categories: small, medium and large. The Shop section lists the category of every item. If an item is not listed there, discuss with your DM the category of that item.
Each type of item can weigh you down by a number of Weight Amount (points).
This does not include your equipped gear, such as armor you are wearing or weapons you are wielding.
If your character carries more Weight Amount than it's limit, it becomes encumbered (explained later in this section).
Your character's Weight Amount limit is equal to 2 + its Fortitude.
Your character can't physically carry more than double its Weight Amount limit.
	Item categories:
Small items have no individual Weight Amount. But each 10 small items of the same type you are carrying are worth 1 Weight Amount.
Small items include: food for 1 day, a piece of chalk, a torch, etc.
For example: 9 torches will have 0 Weight Amount, but 10 or 19 torches will have 1 Weight Amount.
Medium items weigh 0.5 Weight Amount each.
Medium items include: all (or most) 1-Handed weapons, books or tomes, sacks of caltrops, sets of clothes, etc
Large items weigh 1 Weigh Amount each.
Large Items include: all (or most) 2-Handed weapons, shields, sets of armor, etc.
	Encumbered
If your character is carrying more than its limit, it becomes Encumbered.
While Encumbered:
- Your movement speed is halved.
- You have -5 on all rolls.
- You must spend 1 Action if you want to drop one or more items, including your backpack.
